
Game rules based on those at https://www.ultraboardgames.com/azul/game-rules.php

Overview:
This is a two player only version of AZUL.

Each player starts their own blank board.
The player who makes the first move is randomly assigned at the start of the game.

The tile bag is populated with 20 tiles of each colour (100 in total) in random order.

Five Factories are populated with 4 tiles each at the start of each round.
The central discard factory (index 0) is populated with the special 'F' tile.

The aim of the game is to be the player with the most points at the end of the game.
The game ends after completion of a round in which at least one player has completed a horizontal
line of 5 consecutive tiles on the mosaic wall.

Note: Just because a player finishes a row first, does not necessarily mean they will win!

Game Play:
In turn, each player must pick tiles in one of the following ways:
Either:
Pick all tiles of the same colour from any one Factory display;

Or:
Pick all tiles of the same colour from the central discard factory.
If you are the first player in this round to pick tiles from the center of the table, the 'F' tile
will be added to your 'broken' tile floor line.

Then, add the tiles you picked to one of the 5 storage rows on your player board (the first line
has 1 space to hold 1 tile, the fifth line has 5).

If the storage row already holds tiles, you may only add tiles of the same colour to it.
If the storage row is full, you cannot add tiles to it.
If the adjacent mosaic row already contains a tile of the selected colour, you cannot add
tiles to the storage row.

Once all spaces of a storage row are filled, that line is considered complete.

If you have selected more tiles than you can place in your chosen storage row, the excess tiles will
be added to your 'broken' floor line.

Any tiles you have picked that you cannot or do not want to place according to the above rules, you
can place directly on your 'broken' floor line, filling its spaces from left to right.

At the end of the round, completed storage rows are converted to tiles on the mosaic and cleared
accordingly, from top to bottom.
Points are scored as each row is checked.
Incomplete storage rows remain untouched.

Scoring:
When a tile is placed on the mosaic in the space matching it's colour the score is tallied
immediately, as follows:

        - If there are no tiles directly adjacent (vertically or horizontally) to the newly placed
        tile, gain 1 point on the score track.

    Otherwise

        - If there are  1 or more tiles horizontally linked to the newly placed tile, count all the
        linked tiles (including the newly placed one) and gain that many points.

        AND

        - If there are  1 or more tiles vertically linked to the newly placed tile, count all the
        linked tiles (including the newly placed one) and gain that many points.


At the end of tile placement, for each tile in your broken floor line, you lose points as follows:
    - Tiles in the first and second space result in -1 point each
    - Tiles in the third to fifth space result in -2 point each
    - Tiles in the sixth and seventh space result in -2 point each

Note: If your score reaches 0, don't worry, you can never drop below 0 points.

Note: If you have the 'F' tile in your 'broken' floor line, it counts as a normal tile there.
This indicates that you will make the first move at the start of the next round.

End of the Game
The game ends right after the tile placement phase in which at least one player has completed at
least one horizontal line of 5 consecutive tiles on their wall.

Once the game has ended, additional points are added if a player has achieved the following goals:
- Gain 2 points for each complete horizontal line of 5 consecutive tiles on your mosaic.
- Gain 7 points for each complete vertical line of 5 consecutive tiles on your mosaic.
- Gain 10 points for each colour of which you have placed all 5 tiles on your mosaic.

In the case of a tie, the player with more complete horizontal lines wins the game.
If that does not break the tie, the victory is shared.